glad to have you with us in the studio
I'm Chris Davis bringing you the EA
Sports NCAA football 14 pregame show
presented by Nissan innovation that
excites
early season mid season late season it
really doesn't matter the SEC doesn't
wait to turn up the intensity and early
season matchup in the southeastern
cotton
that's going to do it for us thanks for
checking out the pregame show NCAA
college football action coming right at
you Brad and Kirk on the call David and
I are back at halftime
right next to the hill it's Nealon
Stadium where it's max capacity is one
of the biggest in college football
time to the coin toss now presented by
help zero real taste zero calorie
welcome to my next episode featuring
Brandon Smith the quarterback from the
hometown Arkansas but let's get started
here
and we're playing ad Tennessee and it's
gonna be quite a challenge because
Tennessee even though they're not really
great they can be good and it's on the
road so we're here with this crazy crowd
anyways Braden did Swift get stopped
right there and it's a turnover good
plays get toward the you know go on but
that's not gonna help
it's not gonna work I sign gonna win
games but Smith's biking couple chapters
for about 30 yards it's second and seven
Brendan Smith over the right side and KJ
Hill comes up with a snag he poked the
three Fred city's going down the
sideline and its first and goal that's a
pickup of 54 yards that's a great snag
by your boy KJ Hill let's get a boy its
first single and we're hanging off the
Alex Collins and Alex Collins doing this
thing it's second and goal on Alex
Collins finds his way to the endzone for
2 yard game that's all we needed
Collins once again up the middle it's
second and 7 and handing off their
Collins once again and that's a first
down breaking one tackle running over
clean over one player that's a gain of
15 but that ones is not negative you
know I'm saying
anyway it's 2nd level that's alright
we're cleaning up the drew Morgan and
drew Morgan's doing this thing for it
first down Alex Collins under the right
side picks up for about 1 Collins going
on the left side and you know this
defense can be pretty good at times and
they stopped us but of course it's
marshals on the left side and that's a
4th down and it's 26 seconds remaining
and wait I'm a kicker you're telling me
I'm a kicker a kicker a 45-yard field
goal by Brandon Smith ok that's a
shocker
ready was we going into the half up by
30 and Cornelius is taking this ball for
a first down good throw by Smith Smith
stepping back to throw throwing Collins
and Collins picks up about three read
option and hand enough to Collins and
gain of only two stepping back to throw
third and fourth throwing this is barely
getting hit call this March is breaking
a tackle and he's telling what he can do
at the first down we're doing that
counter and Collins is running
everywhere I don't know what he was
going with that one it's sickening not
and he can't hold on it's 39 and they
were stopping us here we have to get it
first down here throwing down the
feeling that's almost intercepted I'm
kicking it again evidently and I that
one I don't think it's gonna go I just
hooked to the left but that was a good
kick Alex Brandis Swit throw and run in
the right side second in inches Collins
running up the left side and he breaks
one tackle for a first down a hold on
the ball alright and makes the play I'm
doing the read option and running on the
right side and getting stopped right
there so it's second the seventh over to
KJ who doesn't pick up the first down
and but Alex Collins on the next play
its first and 10 and off the ball
Collins once again powered his way for a
good pickup there and we're gonna give
it back back to him you can do that all
night listen do it and we're gonna do
read option to perfection for a you know
big number your eyes right there but
it's second and three and Collins picked
up another first down and on over to
Corliss Marshall to run in the right
side that's the negative three yards 11
seconds remaining going over and that's
intercepted this ballgame is tied I just
threw that ball away and it looks like
we're going into overtime ah man we
could have won this game by a field goal
but we're in OT and they got a field
goal but I'm running it and I'm running
the right side and I'm powering my way
that's a gain of nine right there and
looks like we just can't stop right
there
but it's first in 10th and we get the
first down and Hunter Henry picking up a
good number guys but read option read
option it's gonna take it to the endzone
and we win this game in OT
that's the ASP a classic game
and that's how we take care of business
on the road make sure you stay in the
next episode I'll catch y'all next video
peace
you